Add command to custom artifact dependencies (#2095)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/how-tos/builders/_index.md

#### Dependencies for a Custom Artifact

`dependencies` tells the skaffold file watcher which files should be watched to trigger rebuilds and file syncs.  Supported schema for `dependencies` includes:

{{< schema root="CustomDependencies" >}}

##### Paths and Ignore
`Paths` and `Ignore` are arrays used to list dependencies. 
Any paths in `Ignore` will be ignored by the skaffold file watcher, even if they are also specified in `Paths`.
`Ignore` will only work in conjunction with `Paths`, and with none of the other custom artifact dependency types.

```yaml
custom:
  buildCommand: ./build.sh
  dependencies:
    paths:
    - pkg/**
    - src/*.go
    ignore:
    - vendor/**
```

##### Dockerfile
Skaffold can calculate dependencies from a Dockerfile for a custom artifact.
Passing in the path to the Dockerfile and any build args, if necessary, will allow skaffold to do dependency calculation.

{{< schema root="DockerfileDependency" >}}

```yaml
custom:
  buildCommand: ./build.sh
  dependencies:
    dockerfile:
      path: path/to/Dockerfile
      buildArgs:
        file: foo
```

> ##### Custom Command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Getting depedencies from a command
```

> Skaffold can execute a custom command, which will return dependencies for the artifact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you might have a builder that can provide the dependencies for a given artifact. For example bazel has the `bazel query sources` command. Custom artifact builders can ask Skaffold to execute a custom command, which Skaffold can use to get the dependencies for the artifact for file watching.
```
